Candidate 1

														

														Objectives: 

															

														A position authorizes me to apply finance, Risk and treasury skills to make distinctness. I am looking for job opportunities in a professional role covering corporate finance, Risk and Treasury management and financial analytics. I can relocate anywhere on the globe.

														

														Summary of Experience:



Over five years of experience in SAP FICO, Treasury and risk management, Commodity risk management and Credit, Cash & liquidity management (SAP FSCM). 

Four years of experience as a Treasury and Risk management analyst and stock broker in varous firms.

Conventional knowledge in variety of financial products in major financial markets.

Proficient in corporate finance skills for decision making in banking as well as non-banking industries.

Asset and Liability management in risk framework.

Expert level trading knowledge in Equity, commodity, Derivatives, and Currency markets.



Skill set:



Comprehensive knowledge and experience in SAP FICO and TRM implementation especially in short term Investment and borrowing using Money Market tools includes commercial paper, bonds and term loans (TR-TM-MM).

Extensive experience in SAP Treasury and risk management (Hedge and exposure 	management, Transaction manager, Commodity risk management & procurement, Risk analyzer and integration with FI).

Comprehensive knowledge and experience in SAP TRM implementation.

Risk management skills in treasury operations especially foreign currency transactions.



														

														Educational Qualification:

	ma risk management (Banking & finance) | Sep 2010 – sep 2012 | Sheffield business school, Sheffield hallam university, united kingdom.

	MFT - foreign trade | june 2004 – june 2006 | Loyola college, Chennai, India

	b.com(ca) | june 2000 – may 2003 | bharathiar university, coimbatore, India

	

														

														

														Business Experience:

														SJ AGRO FARMS, ERODE (OWNER)

														

														I am in a integrated farming business past five years including Mushroom cultivation, Fisheries, Farm waste management (Bio compost and Vermi compost production). May 2017 to till now.

														

														Professional Experience:

														FSCM SAP R/3 Implementation | WIPRO INFOTECH | JUNE 2016 to April 2017.

														

	Client: 

	1. ARAMCO TRADING COMPANY, KSA

	(June 2016 to April 2017).

	

														Roles & Responsibilities:

														

Business analysis on FSCM Credit management and Cash & Liquidity.

Full life cycle implementation using SAP FSCM Credit management and Cash & Liquidity includes requirements gathering, planning, application design, configuration, testing & deploying and post go live support.

Implementing SAP FSCM Credit management and Cash & Liquidity module’s business partner management, SCASE, Credit rules engine, Integration platform to third party credit bureaus.

Workflow for any credit events, credit limit approval and automatic updates to master and integrating with Financial accounting (FI) and Sales & Distribution (SD).

														

														

														TREASURY SAP R/3 Implementation | SMART SEVEN TECHNOLOGIES | 

														SEP 2012 TO June 2016

														

	Clients: 

	1.Hego, The Netherlands                   

	(NOV 2014 – MARCH 2016)

	

	2.Rubamin, INDIA

														(SAP TRM - Dec 2012 - JAN 2014)

														

	3.Client: Eisa Trading Incorporation, CANADA

														(SAP Commodity Risk Management – MARCH 2014 – OCT 2014)

														

														Roles & Responsibilities:

														

														

Analyses and configure clients’ business requirements, processes and objectives. 

	Making elaborate blueprint design and process & functional documentation for custom development.  

Implementing SAP TRM module’s business partner management, Transaction management (includes hedge management, money market, FX, Derivatives, Commodities and securities), Market risk analyzer and integrating with Financial accounting. 

Implementing SAP Commodity risk management module’s business partner management, Transaction management (including hedge management, Commodity curves, Commodity swaps, Commodity OTC options).

Market risk analyzer, Exposure management 2.0 and integrating with financial accounting.

	Automatic Integration with logistics.

	Develops necessary financial product modifications to fulfill clients’ demands.

	Prepare summary level presentations and process workshops to obtain client acceptance. 

	Train client staff on SAP TRM design and application functions (Change management).

	

														TREASURY ANALYST/PROJECT FUNDING | Genicon business solutions| 

														Nov 2008 – aug 2010.

														

														Roles & Responsibilities:

														

Monitoring day to day cash management and Maintain Bank relationships.

Undertaking risk management activities for foreign Currency exposures.

Assisting to making decisions of funding requirements for the optimum capital management.

Reporting to the specific departments to communicate treasury operations.

Asset/Liability management, Foreign exchange and debt exposure management, Liquidity and multicurrency management.

	Applying cost effective hedging strategies to mitigate Treasury risks.

	Evaluating risks using statistical analysis (SPSS) and risk mapping.

Internal and external risk management techniques to manage short term risks.

	Negotiating loan and overdraft terms with company’s bankers.

	Interest rate hedging and working capital management.

	Be a source of setting up EWRM to medium seized corporations.

	

	Equity and derivative dealer | kotak securities | Jan 2008 – Oct 2008.

	

														Roles & Responsibilities:

Placing basket and bulk orders for the high net worth individuals and SMEs.

Monitoring clients’ day to day cash and trading positions.

Analyzing the impact of the stock markets on the performance of clients’ positions.

	Constructing portfolios in equity market with different segments.

	Use simple VaR models to calculate the risk of the portfolio.

	Hedging portfolio using derivative contracts.

	Marketing and cross selling other financial products to potential clients.

Co-ordinate with back office operations team to monitor clients’ cash position related to their holding positions.



Equity, Derivative and Commodity Dealer| Apollo Sindhoori capital   investments limited (now Birla money) | Nov 2006 – Jan 2008.

Placing equity, derivative and commodity orders for the clients.

Coordinating between various departments to assist online and offline clients.  

Learning top to bottom of stock broking functions.

Reporting to the management about team’s performance.

Worked as a Management trainee in one of the largest broking firms in India. I have learnt trading in equity, derivative, and commodity segments.

	Fetching trading decisions based on market conditions, economic data and corporate financial information.

	Capturing spread differences in MCX and NCDEX commodity exchanges. 

	

														

														

														

														



														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														

														






1