CANDIDATE 
ABVC345
 

 
SAP SD Consultant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
Certification ID : 
0024236184
 
 
To obtain a challenging position in a professional technology
-
driven organization of repute that would best utilize my 
expertise as a
 
SAP SD Functional 
Consultant.
 
I look forward to use my skills to help my organization achieve its 
objectives and bring in continuous growth and complement my professional growth.
 
 
Location Preference: Anywhere
 
 
Profile Summary
 
 

 
An ene
rgetic individual with around 10
 
years o
f total experience in different areas with different roles and 
responsibilities.  
 

 
2
 
years of experience as SAP SD As
sociate consultant/Support and 4.8
 
Years as SAP End user and 3.3 years in 
Non 

 
Sap domain.
 

 
Playing a senior role in handling multiple team
s and having ability to work as a team player or individually to 
learn and adopt new technology concepts.
 

 
Have good understanding of business processes with excellent communication and interpersonal skills
 

 
Good knowledge of International 
Commercial Terms & Payment Terms with knowledge of ASAP 
methodology for effective Configurations and Implementations & Support.
 

 
Have good knowledge in using MS office, excel and MIS reporting and preparing Process SOPs. 
 
 
SAP SD Skills
 
 

 
Configuration of SD
 
related organizational elements. Preparations for the Customer Master Data, Account Groups 
and Partner Determination Configuration. 
 

 
Customization of various Sales Document Types, Item Categories and Schedule Line Categories. Configuration of 
Delivery Documents and Billing Documents. Maintaining Copy Control for Sales Documents, Delivery Documents 
and Billing Documents.
 

 
Configuration of Shipping Point Determination, Picking Location Determination, Storage Location Rules & Route 
Determination.
 

 
S
pecial Business Processes like Inter
-
company, Consignment stock Processing, Third Party sales process & Stock 
transfer process.
 

 
Pricing related configurations by using condition technique. Knowledge of Condition Tables, Condition types.
 

 
Configuration of cr
edit management and rebate agreements and credit memo, debit memo and returns. 
 

 
Configuration of free goods determination, material determination, and revenue accounts determination and 
bills of material.
 

 
Output determinations for deliveries and Invoices.
 

 
Configuration of Transfer of requirements and availability check.
 

 
Basic knowledge on MM and FI Integration.
 
 
Education
 
 

 
B.C.A from Sikkim Manipal University (SMU) in 2014
 

 
SAP Certified Application Associate 
-
 
Sales and Distribution with SAP ERP 6.0 
EhP7.
 
 
 
 
 
IT Skills
 
 

 
SAP SD ECC 6.0 EHP7 Configurations and Implementations.
 

 
SAP S4/HANA 

 
Basic Knowledge
 

 
MS Office 
 
 
Employment Details 
 
 
 
LT FOODS
 
EUROPE
 
(UK)
 
(Maxx Solutions) from April 2021
 
to Present
 
 
Team Leader
-
SAP SD
 
Consultant in End to End 
Implementation and Support
 
from April 2021
 
to 
Present
 
 

 
Project involves from understanding of client business process.
 

 
Enterprise structure defining and assignments 
 

 
Defined Account groups
/ number ranges
 
and configured Partner determination procedure.
 

 
Co
nfi
gured Sales documents Types, Delivery Doc types, Billing doc types, Credit and Debit Memo documents 
types.
 

 
Configured sales process such as
 
OTC, Free of Charge Delivery 
and STO 
process.
 

 
Configuration of
 
Complete Pricing structure with Condition techniques,
 
 

 
Configured 
Availability 
check, Material determination, 
Credit management.  
 

 
Config
ured Third party sales process for customer who wants to procure from our vendor directly.
 

 
Set up the Shipping process
 
by configuring Shipping point determination & Route Determination.
 

 
Managing and resolving the day to day production tickets as per the client requirements within SLA time
 

 
Analyzing errors and preparing end user documents related to master data in SAP 
Pricing, sales order & delivery 
processing & billing.
 

 
Discussing with Business
 
partner
 
for any new requirements, configuring and getting the approvals for the new 
change requests raised by end users.
 

 
Interacting with end users through for resolving the tic
kets based on priority.
 
 
GENPACT INDIA 
PVT. LTD. from October 2020 to February 2021 (4 M)
 
 
As
sistant Manager in O2C
 
Process
 
(
CARDINAL
-
 
HEALTH CARE PROCESS)
 
 

 
Handling Team who are 
Responsible for Processing daily sales orders/Outbound 
delivery/PGI/Invoicing/Billing.
 

 
Resolving
 
PO issues if any, to salesperson or sales team for the revised PO.
 

 
Handling Customer Complaints, creating Credit memo/ Debit memo as per the Company Policy.
 

 
Coordinating with Warehouse/Plant to resolve any 
issue related to distribution and delivery of the Order.
 

 
Inform customer about the delay of the Delivery orders.
 

 
Closely working with Salesperson for their regions and helping them in Promotions Allocations and giving end to 
end sales support to all region
s.
 
 
LT FOODS AMERICAS
 
(Maxx Solut
ions) from April 2018 to Oct 2020
 
( 2Y 6M )
 
 
 
Senior Executive End user in Order to Cash Process
 

 
Complete process handling
 
 

 
Responsible for Processing daily sales orders/Outbound 
delivery/PGI/Invoicing/Billing.
 

 
Escalating PO issues if any, to salesperson or sales team for the revised PO.
 

 
Sharing Paperwork (RO & BOL) to 3PL & to 
own
 
warehouse to 
pick
 
up the order from the warehouses.
 

 
Coordinating with Warehouse/Plant to resolve any 
issue related to distribution and delivery of the Order.
 

 
Inform customer about t
he delay of the Delivery orders &
Coordinate with customer for the follow up of Pick 
Orders.
 

 
Closely working with Salesperson for their regions and helping them in Promotions Al
locations and giving end to 
end sales support to all regions.
 

 
Associated with Export & Import documentations and providing all required docs for customer clearance, like 
Certificate of Origin, Commercial Invoice Packing list/BOL, Phyto certificates, etc.
 

 
S
ending Proforma Invoices and Do follow up for the Payments and PO correction with Indian customers.
 

 
Handling Customer Complaints, creating Credit memo/ Debit memo as per the Company Policy.
 

 
Associated with US team for any issues related to Order/Payments/D
elivery of the customer
 

 
At the EOD will send all sales report / Pick Up & Delivery Appointment report to the warehouses/ Sales managers 
/ Customer Support Manager/ Operation manager.           
 
 
                                                                                            
 
CERAGEM INDIA PVT. LTD. (Korean MNC) from September 2017 to Feb 2018
 
(Manufacturer of Medical Equipment) (6 M)
 
 
Worked as 
Senior Coordinator for Sales and 
Order Management Team.
 
 

 
On daily basis responsible for handling the Order Generation of North & South regions 
 

 
Taking care of Distribution, logistics, Warehousing & Customer Service.
 

 
Coordination with sales and Warehouses regarding dispatches.
 

 
Preparation 
of Month end reports for reporting to top management
 
 
ZOMATO MEDIA PVT. LTD. from June 2015 to May 2017 (2 Y)
 
 
Worked as 
Senior Associate in Order Management and Rejection Controlling Teams
 
 
 

 
Worked with Order Management and Rejection Control team Pan 
India.
 

 
Associated with Deployment team to replace the damage device or trouble shooting the device 
 

 
Worked with Logistics Team for Order Delivery (Zom Delivery/Roadrunner/Delivery/Etc.)
 

 
Giving End to End Support to the Customer and Merchant on their Compla
ints via Emails/Calls on daily basis.
 
 
SNAPDEAL.COM from March 2014 to June 2015 (01 Y 03 M)
 
 
Worked as 
Key Account Manager
 
and 
Handled South Team of 15
-
20 Associates
 
for Handling Customer and Dealer 
Complaints 
 
 

 
Generating Sales Leads from the 
market and enroll and aligning training for them to access our panel
 

 
Helping Merchant to have check on their inventory for upcoming sales and promotions.
 

 

hrough 
emails/calls/chats.
 

 
Sending team performance reports on daily basis.
 
 
USHA INTERNATIONAL LTD. (Team lease Contract Pay role). Since June 2012 to Sep 2013 (1 Y 
4 M)
 
 
Worked as Associate in Order to Cash Process.
 
 

 
  
Handling Complete Order to cash process from order query to payment collections.
 

 
  
Coordination with sales team & operation planning team
 

 
  
Handling Customers Query and Provide Solution.
 
