Candidate TERTW04



Academic Qualifications



Degree 

College

University

Percentage

B.E 

V.E.S.I.T

Mumbai University

65% 

H.S.C

C.H.M College

Maharashtra State Board

72.33% 

S.S.C.

N.E.H.S

Maharashtra State Board

77.38% 

                            

Technical Skills

Good exposure to SAP PI 7.31, 7.4 & CPI-DS Systems and its features.

Worked on implementation project for integrating SAP ECC, S4HANA, SQL, Hana CDS views,FILE and IBP 1911 (Integrated Business Planning) system as a CPI-DS developer (Cloud Platform Integration Data Services).

Hands-on experience in implementation project wherein experience to install HCI Agents, create Project, Process, tasks, Dataflows, Datastores.

Integration Flows (iFlows), Integrated Configuration (ICO) Objects and Configuration (Classic) Scenarios – Creation, Deploy and Configurations.

Well expertise with the Design objects, Mappings, Configuration objects, Adapters and end-to-end Interface monitoring.

Mapping – Graphical and Java Mappings.

Have a strong knowledge in all categories of mapping standard functions like Node Functions, and developed a few custom mapping functions (UDFs).

Good experience in SAP Native adapters like iDoc, Mail, and Proxy and Technology adapters like File, JDBC, SFTP and SOAP messaging adapters.

Knowledge on various Standard SAP Modules – RequestResponseBean, MessageTransformBean, and PayloadSwapBean, and etc.

Used CTS+ techniques to transport PI/PO Objects to Test environments.

Extended support during the Post Go Live Support (PGLS) period.

Good knowledge and little Hands-on experience in SAP CPI-PI(Cloud Platform Integration) using Web-UI.



Employment – IV



Ernst & Young Global limited                                                                         4 months

SAP PI-PO/CPI-DS senior consultant.                                                             11th Jan 2021



Experience:



Currently working in SAP PI-PO migration project for Campbell soup client.                       





Employment – III

Deloitte  Consulting               			     			 2.3 Years

CPI-DS Consultant				                                           Oct 2018– Jan 2021



Experience:

Having 2.3 years of extensive experience in building, Testing,Transporting CPI-DS interfaces of Cargill Project in Mumbai.

		

		Project #1

					

					Client		: Cargill

					Location	: Mumbai

					Team Size	: 1

					Environment	: CPI-DS 

					Duration	: Oct 2018 to Jan 2021

					Role		: Consultant.

			

Responsibilities

	

	Worked as CPI-DS Consultant in implementation project for client (US based Cargill company).

	Work involved building new interfaces, going through functional specification, making technical documents, build, Technical Unit test documents.

	Configuring Inbound interfaces involves transfer of data from S4HANA to IBP system and Outbound interface from IBP system to S4HANA involving webservice call.

	Configuring Inbound interfaces involves transfer of data from ECC to IBP system and Outbound interface from IBP system to ECC involving webservice call.

	Configuring Inbound interfaces involves transfer of data from file to IBP system and Outbound interface from IBP system to file involving file adapter.

	Worked on Aggregation Logic (Summation, Count, Max, Min, Average) made technical weeks logic for a project requirement.

	Worked on various functions in CPI-DS like AddMonths, NVL (Null Value replacement), Is_Group_Changed, Cast, etc.

	Knowledge of scheduling tasks, processes & transport objects from development to production phase.

	Configured ‘Process’ for controlling the order of data to be loaded in IBP system.

	Experience in debugging issues which come after execution by studying TRACE/ Monitor/Error logs.

	Worked on both inbound and outbound scenario's from S4 HANA to IBP and vice-versa.

	















Employment – II

Accenture Software Solutions                			       1.5 Years

SAP PI/PO Consultant				                            April 2017 – Oct 2018



Experience:

Having 1.5 years of extensive experience in Application Development, Testing support and Application Maintenance & Support, and support a numerous SAP PI Projects in Accenture.

		

		Project #1

					

					Client		: Sun Chemical.

					Location	: Mumbai

					Team Size	: 3

					Environment	: SAP PI 7.31

					Duration	: April 2017 to Oct 2018

					Role		: Application Development Analyst.

			

Responsibilities

	

Involved in technical workshops to get the inputs required from the key users to build the interfaces on SAP PO System.

	Prepared Technical Specifications and Unit Test Plan (UTP) Documents.

	Objects transportation from Dev system to all Test environments using CTS+ Transport mechanism.

	Handled the Incidents raised effectively including several business-critical issues in Prod environment.

Built Java Mapping objects and worked on numerous Change Requests.

	Actively participated in all the Test phases and quickly fixed the bugs raised.

	Configured various adapters like – File, SFTP, JDBC, iDoc, Mail, Proxy and SOAP.

Groomed a junior level resource to handle the project after me individually.

	





Employment - I

Infosys 				                			         2.3 Years

SAP PI Consultant							          Jan 2015 – March 2017



Experience:

Had 2.3 years of extensive experience in Development, Testing and Support of Syngenta SAP PI Projects in Mangalore Karnakata.

		

		Project #1

					

					Client		: Syngenta

					Team Size	: 50

					Environment	: SAP PI 7.4

					Duration	: 2.3 Years

					Role		: System Engineer

			

Responsibilities

	Developed MDM interfaces using SAP PO 7.4, in parallel supported the migration of interfaces from SAP PI 7.1 dual stack to SAP PO 7.4 single stack.

	Prepared Functional Description (FD), Technical Description (TD) and Unit Test Plan (UTP) documents parallel to the build part.

	Developed all objects in HCI-DS using Pub-Sub Model.

	Configured various adapters like – File, JDBC, iDoc, Proxy, RFC, Mail and SOAP.



Page 1 of 4